After we have successfully rewritten the answers part
on this page now it's time to rewrite this question
part into vue js component.
We'll also need to add additional functionalities so that
we can update or delete question without need to go
to all questions page.
All right let's open up our terminal
then create new branch git checkout -b lesson 41.
And then run way back npm run
watch
OK.
Firstly let's open up show blade php file
and here let's fold this row div
select then cut and add question
component that we will create shortly.
Now we can go to assets js components and create new file
here I'm going to call question dot vue. Here inside
this file let's add template and paste the code.
Since we are in vue file let's make some changes
or convert the blade syntax to vue js syntax.
Firstly let's change the heading's text to title
and then change the href of this anchor
forward slash questions
And then here the vote and user info
components depend on question instance.
So let's select the model attribute of both
remove the mustaches
and also remove the dollar sign
and then let's replace this code with a div
v html equals body html.
All right
now let's end script section
then define props property and then add question.
Let's also add data method
return an object
then here let's add some properties
title
to hold question's title
then body to hold question's body
And then body html to hold question's body underscore html
OK
that's it for now.
The next thing that we need to do is
register this component. For now
let's register it globally in app
dot js
So let's open that file
duplicate this line
and change the name to question
and then the file name to
question dot vue.
All right
we have created question component
we have registered it globally in this app.js and we have called it in show blade php
Now let's save all changes
and let's have a look.
Reload the page.
Ups the question body empty and I'm
sure you already know what's going on.
Before I fix that let me open vue developer tool
Now we can see there are two components below
root component question and answers component.
OK
Now let's fix this issue.
Let's switch over to our editor.
And then open question model
here in appends attribute let's register the body html accessor.
Reload
OK
now the question body come back.
Let me check the vote controls
OK
everything seems good.